README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">😃 Bello! I am Zaki Mohammed</h1>
<h3 align="center">Learner, developer, coder and an exceptional omelet lover. Knows how to flip arrays or omelet or arrays of omelet.</h3>

- 🎶 I’m currently learning **Azure, React, .NET Core**

- ✏️ I regularly write articles on [https://codeomelet.com/](https://codeomelet.com/)

- 😏 Ask me about **JavaScript, TypeScript, Node.js, .NET, C#**

- 🏃 How to reach me **shaikhzaki67@gmail.com**

- 😅 Fun fact **Squirtle, without a doubt, is my favorite Pokemon**

### Blogs posts
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [The file melting Multer with NodeJS and Express](https://zakimohammed.medium.com/the-file-melting-multer-with-nodejs-and-express-528fc6914178?source=rss-1a77cd27c34b------2)
- [This is awkward in JavaScript](https://zakimohammed.medium.com/this-is-awkward-in-javascript-73f405f2b0d0?source=rss-1a77cd27c34b------2)
- [NgMarvel app using Angular and Marvel API](https://zakimohammed.medium.com/ngmarvel-app-using-angular-and-marvel-api-c4af591391fb?source=rss-1a77cd27c34b------2)
- [Async-Await-ing for your Loving Promises](https://blog.devgenius.io/async-await-ing-for-your-loving-promises-98a892332769?source=rss-1a77cd27c34b------2)
- [Making promises in Love and JavaScript](https://zakimohammed.medium.com/making-promises-in-love-and-javascript-f57b501248cc?source=rss-1a77cd27c34b------2)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://twitter.com/zakimohammed67" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="zakimohammed67" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/zaki-mohammed" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="zaki-mohammed" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/4989054/zaki-mohammed" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/stack-overflow.svg" alt="4989054/zaki-mohammed" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/zakingbling" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="zakingbling" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@zakimohammed" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/medium.svg" alt="@zakimohammed" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://angular.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://angular.io/assets/images/logos/angular/angular.svg" alt="angular" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/microsoft_azure/microsoft_azure-icon.svg" alt="azure" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://bulma.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gilbarbara/logos/804dc257b59e144eaca5bc6ffd16949752c6f789/logos/bulma.svg" alt="bulma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.chartjs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.chartjs.org/media/logo-title.svg" alt="chartjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cs/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" alt="csharp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original-wordmark.svg" alt="dotnet" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://jasmine.github.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jasmine/jasmine-icon.svg" alt="jasmine" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://jestjs.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jestjsio/jestjsio-icon.svg" alt="jest" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://karma-runner.github.io/latest/index.html" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/detain/svg-logos/780f25886640cef088af994181646db2f6b1a3f8/svg/karma.svg" alt="karma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://mochajs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/mochajs/mochajs-icon.svg" alt="mocha" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.svgrepo.com/show/303229/microsoft-sql-server-logo.svg" alt="mssql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://redis.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redis/redis-original-wordmark.svg" alt="redis" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://sass-lang.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=zakimohammed&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="zakimohammed" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=zakimohammed&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="zakimohammed" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=zakimohammed&" alt="zakimohammed" /></p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=zakimohammed" alt="zakimohammed" /></a> </p>

Commit message:

Added YouTube channel details and workflow

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">😃 Bello! I am Zaki Mohammed</h1>
<h3 align="center">Learner, developer, coder and an exceptional omelet lover. Knows how to flip arrays or omelet or arrays of omelet.</h3>

- 🎶 I’m currently learning **Azure, React, .NET Core**

- 📹 Check out mah YouTube channel [CodeOmelet - YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCK6qSa7lAJtYGrQX8Y-bD1w)

- ✏️ I regularly write articles on [CodeOmelet](https://codeomelet.com/)

- 😏 Ask me about **JavaScript, TypeScript, Node.js, .NET, C#**

- 🏃 How to reach me **shaikhzaki67@gmail.com**

- 😅 Fun fact **Squirtle, without a doubt, is my favorite Pokemon**

### YouTube Videos
<!-- YOUTUBE-VIDEO-LIST:START -->
<!-- YOUTUBE-VIDEO-LIST:END -->

### Blogs Posts
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [The file melting Multer with NodeJS and Express](https://zakimohammed.medium.com/the-file-melting-multer-with-nodejs-and-express-528fc6914178?source=rss-1a77cd27c34b------2)
- [This is awkward in JavaScript](https://zakimohammed.medium.com/this-is-awkward-in-javascript-73f405f2b0d0?source=rss-1a77cd27c34b------2)
- [NgMarvel app using Angular and Marvel API](https://zakimohammed.medium.com/ngmarvel-app-using-angular-and-marvel-api-c4af591391fb?source=rss-1a77cd27c34b------2)
- [Async-Await-ing for your Loving Promises](https://blog.devgenius.io/async-await-ing-for-your-loving-promises-98a892332769?source=rss-1a77cd27c34b------2)
- [Making promises in Love and JavaScript](https://zakimohammed.medium.com/making-promises-in-love-and-javascript-f57b501248cc?source=rss-1a77cd27c34b------2)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://twitter.com/zakimohammed67" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="zakimohammed67" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/zaki-mohammed" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="zaki-mohammed" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/4989054/zaki-mohammed" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/stack-overflow.svg" alt="4989054/zaki-mohammed" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/zakingbling" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="zakingbling" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@zakimohammed" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/medium.svg" alt="@zakimohammed" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://angular.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://angular.io/assets/images/logos/angular/angular.svg" alt="angular" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/microsoft_azure/microsoft_azure-icon.svg" alt="azure" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://bulma.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gilbarbara/logos/804dc257b59e144eaca5bc6ffd16949752c6f789/logos/bulma.svg" alt="bulma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.chartjs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.chartjs.org/media/logo-title.svg" alt="chartjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cs/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" alt="csharp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original-wordmark.svg" alt="dotnet" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://jasmine.github.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jasmine/jasmine-icon.svg" alt="jasmine" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://jestjs.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jestjsio/jestjsio-icon.svg" alt="jest" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://karma-runner.github.io/latest/index.html" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/detain/svg-logos/780f25886640cef088af994181646db2f6b1a3f8/svg/karma.svg" alt="karma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://mochajs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/mochajs/mochajs-icon.svg" alt="mocha" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.svgrepo.com/show/303229/microsoft-sql-server-logo.svg" alt="mssql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://redis.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redis/redis-original-wordmark.svg" alt="redis" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://sass-lang.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=zakimohammed&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="zakimohammed" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=zakimohammed&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="zakimohammed" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=zakimohammed&" alt="zakimohammed" /></p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=zakimohammed" alt="zakimohammed" /></a> </p>
